Add documentation to image-syncer (#2445)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/image-syncer/README.md

# image-syncer

## Overview

>  image-syncer is used to **safely** copy container images from one registry to another. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image-syncer is used to **safely** copy container images from one registry to another. 
```

The main use case is to preserve images from third party registries in our own registry that we can rely on.

Syncing process steps:

> 1. Pull image from source.
> 2. Check if image exists in target.
> 3a. If image does not exist: re-tag image and push to target registry.
> 3b. If image exists: compare IDs. If they are different, synchronization is interrupted. It means that something is wrong and the source image was changed (this should not happen).

Reviewer: Oh, this does not render well... Sorry, let's try this one: 
```suggestion
1. Pull image from source.
2. Check if image exists in target.
3. If image does not exist: re-tag image and push to target registry.  
If image exists: compare IDs. If they are different, synchronization is interrupted. It means that something is wrong and the source image was changed (this should not happen).
```

These steps guarantee that images in our registry are immutable.

## Usage

> To run it, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run image-syncer, use:
```
Can we replace `it` with `The image-syncer package` or `image-syncer` (whichever you think is better) to make the sentence clearer and more descriptive?

```bash
go run main.go \ 
    --images-file={PATH_TO_A_YAML_FILE_CONTAINING_SYNC_DEFINITION} \
    --target-key-file={PATH_TO_A_JSON_KEY_FILE} \
    --dry-run=true
```

### Definition file

> image-syncer as an input parameter takes a file having the following structure: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image-syncer takes as an input parameter a file having the following structure: 
```

# Image Syncer

## Overview

Image Syncer is used to **safely** copy container images from one registry to another. 

> The main use-case is to preserve images from third party registries in our own registry that we can relay on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main use case is to preserve images from third party registries in our own registry that we can rely on.
```

Syncing process steps:

> - pull image from source
> - check if image exists in target
> - if it does not exist - re-tag image and push to target registry
> - if it exists compare IDs - if they are different synchronisation is interrupted, 
> it means that something is wrong - source image was changed (that should not happen)

Reviewer: 1. Since these are steps that should be performed in a strict order, this should be an ordered (numbered) list. See the [guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/04-formatting.md#ordered-and-unordered-lists).
2. `synchronisation`-> `synchronization` - please use the American English spelling (see the [guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/08-style-and-terminology.md#terminology)).
```suggestion
1. Pull image from source.
2. Check if image exists in target.
3a. If image does not exist: re-tag image and push to target registry.
3b. If image exists: compare IDs. If they are different, synchronization is interrupted. It means that something is wrong and the source image was changed (this should not happen).
```

These steps guarantee that images in our registry are immutable.

## Usage

To run it, use:
```bash
go run main.go \ 

>     --images-file={path to a yaml file containing sync definition} \
>     --target-key-file={path to a json key file} \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --images-file={PATH_TO_A_YAML_FILE_CONTAINING_SYNC_DEFINITION} \
    --target-key-file={PATH_TO_A_JSON_KEY_FILE} \
```

    --dry-run=true
```

> ***Defintion file***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Definition file
```
Mind the typo.

> Image syncer as an input parameter takes a file containing following structure: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image-syncer as an input parameter takes a file having the following structure: 
```

Does the file **have** the structure below or does it **contain** it? (Is it the whole file or is it just a part of it?)

```yaml
targetRepoPrefix:  "eu.gcr.io/kyma-project/external/"
images:
- source: "bitnami/keycloak-gatekeeper:9.0.3"
- source: "busybox:1.31.1"

```

### Flags

```
Usage:
  image-syncer [flags]

Flags:
  -d, --dry-run                  dry run mode [SYNCER_DRY_RUN] (default true)
  -h, --help                     help for githubstats
  -i, --images-file string       yaml file containing list of images [SYNCER_IMAGES_FILE]
  -t, --target-key-file string   JSON key file used for authorization to target repo [SYNCER_TARGET_KEY_FILE]

exit status 1
```

### Environment variables

All flags can also be set using these environment variables:

| Name                           | Required | Description                                                           |
| :----------------------------- | :------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **SYNCER_IMAGES_FILE**         |    Yes   | The string value with a path to yaml file with sync definition.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SYNCER_IMAGES_FILE**         |    Yes   | Path to the YAML file with the sync definition, provided as a string.       |
```

> | **SYNCER_TARGET_KEY_FILE**     |    Yes   | The string value with a path to json key file.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SYNCER_TARGET_KEY_FILE**     |    Yes   | Path to the JSON key file, provided as a string.                        |
```

> | **SYNCER_DRY_RUN**             |    No    | The boolean value controlling the `dry run` mode.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SYNCER_DRY_RUN**             |    No    | Value controlling the `dry run` mode, provided as a boolean.                     |
```
